chore(cognito): clean up and document triggers (#6816)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-cognito/README.md

give [this issue](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/6768) a +1. Until then, you can use the [cfn
layer](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/cfn_layer.html) to configure this.

### Lambda Triggers

User pools can be configured such that AWS Lambda functions can be triggered when certain user operations or actions
occur, such as, sign up, user confirmation, sign in, etc. They can also be used to add custom authentication
challenges, user migrations and custom verification messages. Learn more about triggers at [User Pool Workflows with
Triggers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-identity-pools-working-with-aws-lambda-triggers.html).

> Lambda triggers can either be specified as part of the `UserPool` construct's construction, or it can be added later,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lambda triggers can either be specified as part of the `UserPool` initialization, or it can be added later,
```

const userpool = new UserPool(this, 'myuserpool', {
  // ...
  triggers: {
    createAuthChallenge: authChallengeFn,
    // ...
  }
});

userpool.addUserMigrationTrigger(new lambda.Function(this, 'userMigrationFn', {
  // ...
}));
```

The following table lists the set of triggers available, and their corresponding method to add it to the user pool.
For more information on the function of these triggers and how to configure them, read [User Pool Workflows with
Triggers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-identity-pools-working-with-aws-lambda-triggers.html).

| Trigger | Method |
| ---- | ---- |
| createAuthChallenge | `addCreateAuthChallengeTrigger()` |
| customMessage | `addCustomMessageTrigger()` |
| defineAuthChallenge | `addDefineAuthChallengeTrigger()` |
| postAuthentication | `addPostAuthenticationTrigger()` |
| postConfirmation | `addPostConfirmationTrigger()` |
| preAuthentication | `addPreAuthenticationTrigger()` |
| preSignUp | `addPreSignUpTrigger()` |
| preTokenGeneration | `addPreTokenGenerationTrigger()` |
| userMigration | `addUserMigrationTrigger()` |
| verifyAuthChallengeResponse | `addVerifyAuthChallengeResponseTrigger()` |

> 

Reviewer: Would have been nice if add the trigger methods had a common prefix, and actually, since basically all of these have the exact same signature, perhaps we can consolidate them into a single method:

```ts
pool.addTrigger(Event.CreateAuthChallenge, fn);
```

I can see the value in different signatures if each trigger had some kind of specialized signature, but it's basically like a generic event handler, no?
